PORTAL-2090: Add an Helpdesk page about the Ask Franklin Product on the Portal helpcenter (#23)
akeneo/portal-helpcenter: content/md/franklin-insights/franklin-insights.md

---
id: franklin-insights
themes: franklin-insights

> title: "**Connect** to Franklin Insights"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Get the Franklin Insights **activation code**"
```

---
id: franklin-insights
themes: franklin-insights
title: "**Connect** to Franklin Insights"
popular: true
related: connect-to-your-portal
---

# Overview

> From the **projects console**, you can access to your Franklin Insights account information and track the history of all the actions made.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From the **projects console**, you can access your Franklin Insights account information and track the history of all past actions.
```

**Only your Customer success manager** can activate/deactivate your account or add new credits.  

# See your Franklin Insights account information

> 1. From the menu, go to `Projects console / Projects` and select your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the menu, go to `Projects console / Projects` and select your project.
```

2. Open the `Franklin Insights` tab

> 3. On the `Overview` sub-tab, you can see the information about your account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. On the `Overview` sub-tab, you can see your account information.
```

> The details of your **credits**, the **administrator** who is received information by email on **account activation** and **credits addition**, and your **activation code** to [use Franklin Insights in your PIM](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/v3/articles/franklin-insights-getting-started.html)

Reviewer 2: We can talk about this one tomorrow morning?

> The details of your **credits**, the **administrator** who is received information by email on **account activation** and **credits addition**, and your **activation code** to [use Franklin Insights in your PIM](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/v3/articles/franklin-insights-getting-started.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example:  **credits** details, the **administrator's information**, **account activation** and **credits addition** details,  **activation code** to [use Franklin Insights](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/v3/articles/franklin-insights-getting-started.html)
```

> The details of your **credits**, the **administrator** who is received information by email on **account activation** and **credits addition**, and your **activation code** to [use Franklin Insights in your PIM](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/v3/articles/franklin-insights-getting-started.html)

Reviewer 2: On the `Overview` sub-tab, you can see the information about your account: **credits** details, **administrator's information**, **account activation** and **credits addition** details,  **activation code** to [use Franklin Insights](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/v3/articles/franklin-insights-getting-started.html)

![Franklin Insights overview tab](../img/franklin_insights_overview.jpg)

# Get the log of your Franklin Insights account

> 1. From the menu, go to `Projects console / Projects` and select your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the menu, go to `Projects console / Projects` and select your project.
```

1. Open the `Franklin Insights` tab

> 1. On the `Activity Log` sub-tab, you can see the history of all the actions made on your account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the `Activity Log` sub-tab, you can see the history of all the past actions in your account.
```
